I thank all of those who have died...
I can see the world clearly
again today.
Say goodbye
to this abominable world.
There is no turning back.
Oh, my darling, I don't even know
where my heart has gone
And I've forgotten
that dream I once had
Becoming an adult =
keeping a public face and bluffing?
Tell me, what is reflected
in the painted-over mirror?
Your photo is starting to fade
Leaving me, as I change
I'll shout at the top of my voice
as it pierces through the night
Burning my chest,
formless fear and all
It's okay if I can't laugh
like that day
Sadness, scars, everything...
I want to take them all with me
You can't kill my vibe, oh baby
Burning out now,
like a shooting star
You can't kill my vibe, oh baby
Burning out now,
like a shooting star
BLEACH: THOUSAND-YEAR BLOOD WAR
The stage you created,
the puddle of blood...
all gone without a trace.
My innards must have been damaged
somewhere along the way...
And I can barely hear
because of the explosion...
This sucks.
Yachiru!
Where are you, Yachiru?!
It's over! Answer me!
Captain!
You won, Captain!
Hey, have you guys
seen Yachiru anywhere?
Huh?
No... we haven't.
Did Lieutenant Kusajishi wander off
somewhere again?
Find her.
Huh?
But we can't sense
her Spiritual Pressure.
She's not around here—
Just find her!
Y-Yes, sir!
Let's go!
Spread out and find her!
Yachiru...
Captain!
An ambush?!
That was dirty!
You damn brat!
We're going up against
Kenpachi Zaraki.
I say it's within reason.
Get lost or we'll crush you!
Stop yelling...
You'll be rid of me soon enough.
See? Told ya.
STERN RITTER "G" – LILTOTTO LAMPERD
You can't go that way.
Mr. Captain is set to die.
So it's pointless to rush to his aid.
STERN RITTER "P" – MENINAS MCALLON
Whoa!
W-Wait a minute.
Shouldn't you guys be going after
your captain instead of me?
Shut up!
We know you're trying to kill us
with your weird powers,
just like the rest!
You've got it all wrong!
I don't have that
kind of fighting ability.
Nothing good will come
from slaying me.
Uh-oh...
You all got splashed with my blood.
Once you're covered in my blood,
you become a corpse that
only does what I say.
STERN RITTER "Z" – GISELLE GEWELLE
Okay!
Everybody, kill yourselves.
Protect the Captain!
Hold your ground!
Lucky me!
Those idiots gathered together
so I could kill them all at once!
STERN RITTER "T" – CANDICE CATNIPP
Now that all the small fry is gone,
let's go ahead and take
the Special Threat's head.
He's not moving like
a guy who's close to dying!
That's what makes him a Special Threat.
That was close!
How is he able to move like that
after fighting Gremmy?
The guy's a monster!
You bastards...
He can still get up?
Hurry up and die already!
Nice! You can tell
he's barely alive.
So, who's gonna finish him off?
I think we should decide fairly
by rock-paper.
– I can't move my body...
– And just how do you win that game?
– Rock wins.
Then all of us will do rock!
– Damn it...
– Are you stupid?!
Is this it for me...?
Captain Zaraki's
Spiritual Pressure is...
Calm down, Rukia.
You still haven't fully recovered
from your previous battle.
But Brother...!
Did you feel that, Brother...?
This Spiritual Pressure...!
What the...?
What is that?!
Uh...
Is it me, or did that thing just crash...?
Yeah, it did.
No way...
Oww...
I came in a little too fast...
When did he—?!
Hey, what gives?
You're all beaten up, Kenpachi.
What are you... doing here?
I never thought the day would come
when I'd say this to you...
I came to help you.
Didn't think there'd ever come
a day when you'd be...
the one helping me.
Can you get up?
Can I get up?
You fool...
Worry more about yourself
instead of me.
What's up with this guy?
I let my guard down...
No, you didn't.
This was to be expected.
Oww...
That's our Number One
Special Threat...
Ichigo Kurosaki.
Shut up!
"Special Threat"?
"Ichigo Kurosaki"?!
I don't give a damn!
Except for the part where
he got me all covered in dust...
He's gonna pay for that!
Do you have any idea how early
I have to wake up every day
before everyone else
so I can do my hair?!
Ooh... scary...
That's what she's angry about?
Galvano Blast!
Five gigajoules will turn you into ash!
You piece of shit!
You idiot.
One or two shots of
Heilig Pfeil won't kill him.
See? Told ya.
So you're here...
Ichigo Kurosaki.
Let us begin.
Haschwalth. Uryu.
So it's beginning.
Now...
will I be among the chosen?
Damn it!
You guys did that on purpose,
didn't you?!
Wow...
He's strong.
He parried every single one of
all those shots we fired at him.
I find him very annoying.
Wish he was dead.
We oddly share
the same opinion today.
I agree with you guys.
If we all agree,
there's nothing left to discuss!
I say... we execute him!
Seriously?
No way. It makes me tired.
I don't think it's nice to
slaughter people.
Fine, then stay there and watch!
I'll kill the Number One Special Threat
and take all the credit!
Galvano Javelin!
Getsugatensho.
No way...
Even her Voll Stern Dich couldn't kill him.
He exceeds our Daten.
So what should we do?
Screw it... let's do this.
Okie-dokie!
Sklave Rai!
Sklave Rai.
Azhalbiora!
Pornipora.
Gagael.
Dumbbell Duster.
Dumbbell Duster: Baton Beat.
Spork.
Spife.
Dancing Dead Boys Club!
Wow!
Gotcha!
Munchy Munchy Babies!
A Special Threat must taste very good.
Golden Crunch.
That was too close...
Dumbbell Duster: Halteres!
Out of my way!
Don't go getting cocky!
Sklave Rai!
Balbarriel!
That damn look on your face...
You can act that way
if you survive this!
Electrocution!
Getsuga Jujisho!
You ain't hitting me with that!
Dodge, you idiot!
Damn it...
Damn it!
Gigi, heal me!
Really?! You sure?
You idiot! Heal me without
using your blood!
Boo...
Here.
Okay, nicely done.
Calm down, you bitch.
Impatience isn't gonna
win you this fight.
Shut up!
Here I come, Ichigo Kurosaki!
I'm gonna kill ya!
What...?!
Sorry, but I need you all
to stay dead for a while.
Bazz-B...you bastard...
Glory is something that's up for grabs...
and stealing it is a privilege
of those who show up late.
Isn't that right,
Ichigo Kurosaki?
You make a good point.
I should've come a bit later.
But since we all arrived
at the same time,
what do you say
we share the glory equally?
Don't be ridiculous.
The one who kills him
takes all the glory.
What is... that light?
Yhwach!
So it's begun.
Let us be thankful...
...to the one who has guided us
to the light.
Thanks to you,
I can now invade the Royal Palace.
The concentration of Reishi
within the Seireitei is dropping!
What is going on?
There's a hole...
in the Soul Shield Membrane!
It means the "key"...
...has opened the "gate."
The Shihakusho that Ichigo Kurosaki
is wearing is likely an Ouken
woven of the bones and hair
of members of Squad Zero.
Thanks to its durability and
protective qualities,
Ichigo Kurosaki was able to break
through the seventy-two-layer barrier
that exists between the Royal Palace
and the Seireitei unscathed.
However...
based on the regenerative rate of
the Soul Shield Membrane,
it will take 6,000 seconds before
the opening can close once more.
During that interval,
a rift that allows passage to and from
the Royal Palace has opened.
POST INVASION – FORMER SQUAD 1 BARRACKS
I suspected as much, but...
it appears the Soul King is
the enemy's target, after all...
THE CENTRAL UNDERGROUND GREAT PRISON – MUKEN
Damn it!
Those blasted Squad Zero...
SQUAD ZERO RIDEN – HYOSUBE'S RIDEN
What exactly are they thinking...?
It's pretty naïve to think that
you can go after His Majesty
when we have you surrounded.
Diamond Push.
You're a tough one.
Burner Finger One!
Damn it!
Renji!
Get going.
I won't let these guys through.
I don't know all the details,
but you have a score to settle
with the boss of the Quincies, right?
You can have him.
It's your job now.
You're not getting away!
Don't make me repeat myself.
It makes me look bad.
I just said you guys are not
getting through!
Yhwach!
Allow me...
Ishida...!
What're you doing there?!
Leave, Kurosaki.
What?
You cannot stop His Majesty.
What're you talking about, Ishida...?
Leave... before you waste your life.
I'm asking you
what're you doing there?!
Licht Regen.
Ishida...
Wait!
You still haven't answered
any of my questions!
Have you finished your farewells?
Yes.
It will be an eternal parting.
I am fully aware of that.
Ishida!
Say something...
All at once, the lights went out
Reminding me
with a voice
and I cannot move
Unable to convey even a millimeter
of the lines that I dubbed
All lines
that I don't want to forget
Rewound
Repeated
Became a mark
And I notice the dust
I wait and wait
But it won't start
If it's already ended
I give up
But can I
borrow your shoulder?
With that knife
that was left behind
Pierce it through
Still
in the middle of a dream,
We kept searching
For the scar that
the revolving world remembers
With just the strong desire
to keep on living
We'll choose a tomorrow
that will not return
In just a little while
The final curtain will fall
Shining upon us
The blurred end roll